Readme File for Meeting Scheduler by Ashutosh Rajput (CS17B007)
This project is a part of assignment for Distributed Systems course.

Features Implemented:
    1. Meeting Slot reservation for faculties F1-F10
    2. View Day Schedule for all faculties (Displays all their meetings for the day)
    3. Unreserve a meeting (Allows faculty to unreserve their meeting slots)
    4. View all the meetings for month (Exclusive for HOD)

Highlights:
    File system used a database (JSON files)
    Multiple meetings can be held at a single time, provided that there is no overlap between participants of both the meetings

Steps:
    1. Build "meetingScheduler.go" using command "go build meetingScheduler.go"
    2. Run the server file using command "./meetingScheduler"
    3. Access "http://localhost:8080/login/"
    4. Enter faculty name in all Caps format (For ex. F1, F10)
    5. The faculty will be redirected to respective dashboard based on the role (HOD and Non-HOD)
    6. To reserve a slot, click the respective option from the menu
        6.1 Fill the slot details
        6.2 If a meeting is possible, the slot will be booked and faculty will be redirected to login page again
        6.3 If a meeting is not possible, faculty will be redirected to failure page and will be asked to reschedule if needed.
    7. To unreserve a slot, click the respective option from the menu
        7.1 Fill the slot details
        7.2 If the slot is reserved, it will be deleted succesfully. Faculty will be redirected to login
        7.3 Else, the faculty will be prompted about the failure and asked to try again if needed
    8. To view day schedule, click the respective option from the menu
        8.1 Enter the date and faculty name
        8.2 The schedule will be displayed
    9. If HOD wants to view all the meetings in the month, click the respective option from the menu
        9.1 Enter the year and the month in the format ("2021" and "03")
        9.2 All the meetings in the month will be displayed
NOTE : In multiple instances, I have asked fot the faculty name and also redirected the faculty to login page
       This is not ideal, but I havent implemented sessions and hence need to get the username at multiple levels.
**the assigment was completed with the help of discussions with KS Koushik (CS17B013)